adding docs about referrals (#329)
unlock-protocol/docs: docs/core-protocol/public-lock/referrals.md

---
title: Referrals
description: The Public Lock membership contracts includes a referral mechanism.
sidebar_position: 5
---

Every transaction that includes a transfer of value between a purchaser and the Public Lock smart contracts includes a `referrer` parameter:

- [`purchase`](/core-protocol/smart-contracts-api/PublicLock#purchase)
- [`extend`](/core-protocol/smart-contracts-api/PublicLock#extend)
- [`renewMembershipFor`](/core-protocol/smart-contracts-api/PublicLock#renewmembershipfor)

The referrer can optionally receive a share of the price paid by the purchaser.

### Setting a referrer fee

> A lock manager can call the `setReferrerFee` function on the publick Lock contract to set a speficic referrer fee for a given address. This function takes 2 arguments. The first one is the address of a `referrer` and the second one is the referrer fee percentage, expressed in basis points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A lock manager can call the `setReferrerFee` function on the Public Lock contract to set a specific referrer fee for a given address. This function takes 2 arguments. The first one is the address of a `referrer` and the second one is the referrer fee percentage, expressed in basis points.
```

> As such as lock manager can set multiple referrer fees for various referrers. For example a given referrer could receive 10% of the price paid, while another one could receive 30%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As such, the lock manager can set multiple referrer fees for various referrers. For example a given referrer could receive 10% of the price paid, while another one could receive 30%.
```
